Awesome work Tania!

Usually we would give you feedback in the 'Feedback' pull request that is generated by GitHub classroom, and that tracks all the changes that have been made since the since repo started. However, your's appears to have already been closed, and has therefore not tracked any of the changes. So I'll give it to you here instead.

You've clearly researched your partner really well. The page looks well styled, and well done for getting it deployed on Netlify!

I would usually be able to mark specific bits in your code and make suggestions, but without the feedback pull request that's not an option here. Here are some improvement points for you to take away. These can be taken as general improvement points, so try and look through the code to see places where you can apply it. The three main points are:

- Media queries. There is no need to redeclare all of the CSS styles for media queries, only the properties that will change. For example, for the `section-one-flex-container`, there's no need to write `display: flex` again, because the class already has that attribute above, and it'll use this unless you redeclare it.
- Classes and IDs. Remember to make use of the difference between these two CSS selectors. When we apply a class to one specific HTML element, then it could probably be an ID instead.
- Semantic HTML. The page is mostly designed using good semantic HTML, but some of the divs could be replaced with more semantic elements. For example, the column divs could use a more semantic element. Have a read through the list of elements, and see what fits.

Excellent work, keep it up!
